Fix invalid oh noes issues and add extra info to it (#2161)
Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/VVV: CHANGELOG.md

* Always set the database root user password to avoid having the default invalid password on fresh installs
* Don't spider and recurse domains when checking for network connections
* Swap the MariaDB apt mirror used for a more reliable source

> * Fix issues with the bear reporting failed provisioners when everything seem to have gone ok ( #2161 )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix issues with the sad bear showing at the end of provisioning despite provisioners being succesful( #2161 )
```

Reviewer: This PR also lists relevant log files which is an enhancement that needs adding further up the file
